or to protect America I don't want any
more casualties there is one elite
crime-fighting team don't worry we call
it the pros of our own that never sleeps
oh wow
I just had the weirdest dream you know
you're driving right nobody in it you
know Reno's really a lot like Mayberry
on the TV except everybody's on crystal
meth and prostitutions like guess what
guys we have because they invited
everybody this lady's got hot latin
flavor let's go paint this town red need
some consistency round in a time of
crisis we got the entire Miami Beach
police force in there America will call
do we have any police officers outside
the confines of this building
reno911.com
so we have received a noise complaint at
the residence of someone named oh it
could only fit on the big screen we
gotta clear this [ __ ] okay writing
people on my count
one two
that was my
[Music]